I've been missing for 10 years and I'm
here I'm fine now this is the story that
shocked the world this is something that
we've never seen before and it really is
the sort of thing that nightmares are
made of a dramatic escape after 11 years
in captivity it see this girl and she
just going nuts on the door so I was
around open the door and she says I
can't he got it locked the fear the
panic her body would have been pumping
with adrenaline how had a school bus
driver managed to kidnap and enslave
three local girls just chilling because
she wants to trusted him how had they
remained undiscovered under the noses of
friends and neighbors hehehe for me for
all this year we don't know our
neighbors
he was the best actor I've ever met or
seen in my life a monster behind closed
doors they suffered years of abuse held
as prisoners this is just creepy
this is just absurd this is sickening
this is their story
[Music]
on the 6th of May 2013 three women were
rescued from a house in Cleveland Ohio
USA prayers have finally been answered
the nightmare is over these three young
ladies have provided us with the
ultimate definition of survival and pres
reverance Amanda berry Gina DeJesus and
Michelle Knight have been missing for 11
years what had happened to them had been
a mystery and the police investigation
had been far and wide you're sending
investigators to differ countries
looking for your daughter thinking that
they've been trafficked and all along
your frame has your children incredibly
the three women have been held prisoner
for 11 years in the same neighborhood
where they disappeared it's alleged that
52 year-old
Ariel Castro kidnapped and imprisoned
the three women giving them locked in
his house
decade they had been held at to 207
Seymour Avenue it's a street like any
other in Cleveland's working-class West
Side it's always been a coast we need
all that always especially with the
Hispanic community we all know each
other by face and one face they all knew
was that of Ariel Castro he said to have
kept the women prisoner and abused them
physically mentally and sexually he had
fathered a child with Amanda Berry
during their time in captivity and all
the women had lived in fear unable to
escape from their suburban prison but on
the 6th of May this year Amanda Berry
saw a chance of freedom she discovered
that the door was unlocked she hesitated
to leave over the years they're alleging
that Ariel Castro used to leave doors
open according my sources and the girls
would peek their head out he wasn't
there they'd go a little bit farther and
then he would show up and beat them to
condition them that I control this house
you're not going anywhere the thing that
was different in this situation was the
six-year-old daughter said to her mommy
daddy said he was going to Grandma's and
when Amanda heard that she then knew
there's a very very high chance that
he's not here I've got to go for it I've
got to try
so Amanda berry overcame her fears and
took a chance that this time it wasn't a
test and Castro had in fact left the
door mistakenly unlocked she took a deep
breath went out of her room that was
unlocked ran downstairs saw that he
wasn't there started banging on the door
she must have been filled with fear and
panic when she realized she was at the
front door and that she might be able to
get out even though the front door was
long she started yelling some neighbors
across the street heard her yelling one
of the neighbors that heard Amanda's
cries for help was Angela Garcia who
lives opposite Castro's house on Seymour
Avenue we heard somebody knocking the
door right there and yelling help me
help me help me it was another friend
named angel and the other neighbor from
across the street they cross the street
and the one over there she said I'm
Amanda berry helped me one of the
neighbors said to have helped Amanda was
Charles Ramsey look see this girl and
she just going nuts on the door so I'm
like what's your problem is you stuck
just open the door the fear the panic
would have been driving her forward she
would be pumping her body would have
been pumping with adrenaline and she
says I can't he got it locked now look
how you had it it is only enough to
reach his hand out to grab the mail and
you know close the door and he we you
know naturally gonna pry it open that
didn't work so we had to kick open the
bottom nothing on that door was aluminum
oonski's she climbed out would hunt
daughter she went to my house
we called 9-1-1 Amanda berry is trying
to tell the dispatcher this is a man to
bury I'm the one that's been missing for
ten years I'm free
you need police fire ambulance you can
hear some of that in the 9-1-1 call the
fear the panic the need for something to
happen immediately she wants the police
there now because she thinks it that
Castro is going to come back at any
point and we claim Amanda had escaped
but Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight was
still inside Castro's house she whether
young women are still in the house she
was afraid for her life but she knows
that the police have to come right at
that moment if they're going to keep
Ariel from coming to find her or go back
in the house and kill her friends who
are in there the panic is palpable
[Applause]
[Music]
okay two and a half minutes after Amanda
berry may the 9-1-1 call officer Espada
and officer Tracy arrived at the scene
we pull up all we see this girl she's
like raising her hand I'm holding a
child I'm looking at my partner you know
is it her better they look at each other
it's like a berry and she tells them
there's two more women in that house
well who's in the house with another
woman in Gina DeJesus was like another
bombshell just just what overwhelming
force just hitting me I believe I
broadcasted that Gina might still be in
the house the others in the house
Georgina DeJesus might be in the top
awful
so that clicks them into action to get
out of the car they run over go up the
steps officer spotted and it is he went
right upstairs when he got that first
foot on the hallway upstairs I'll pops a
woman he looks at her and it's Michelle
she kind of popped out into the doorway
and pause there for a second
within moments she came charging at me
she jumped on to me she's like you saved
us who saved us it must have been a
series of overwhelming emotions of
disbelief perhaps that she'd finally
managed to escape from her abduction and
then within a few seconds I see another
girl come out of the bedroom
and I asked her what what's your name
since then my name is Georgina DeJesus
that's when I broadcasted what to have
23 and then suddenly it's over can you
imagine the position that you're going
to be in can you imagine how you're
feeling at that point it's quite an
extraordinary set of circumstances oh my
god he was crazy crazy the street well
they closed the whole street it was like
15 cars of police police cars ambulance
it was a lot of people the police
quickly turned their attention to
finding Ariel Castro the person the
women accused of holding them captive in
the house for 10 years my understanding
is the Amanda berry or others gave the
police a description of his car and they
went looking for him and they found him
and of course they arrested him and then
they arrested his two brothers his
brothers were later released in the days
that follow the police searched the
Castro house and the extent of the
horror of the girl's ordeal began to
emerge
[Music]
it's a story that shocked the world
for over a decade three young women from
Cleveland Ohio had been held in
captivity all these years they were
right under our know until their
dramatic escape a miracle in itself that
there are still alive as the three were
reunited with loved ones there were many
questions about their ordeal that needed
answering beginning with how and why
they had been abducted the most
consistent thing we see with sexual
predators is that they look for
vulnerable people the abductions
themselves seem to have been what I
would call seducing abductions in other
words these girls weren't snatched off
the streets and bundled into the back of
a car he was using charm to seduce them
into his car I think he spent quite a
bit of time planning on who he would
target and I think he spent quite a bit
of time driving around waiting for the
right moment then leaving a job or
walking down the street it wouldn't be
something he could just randomly do the
first girl to disappear was twenty-one
year old Michelle Knight she was last
seen on August 23rd
- the cousin's house near west 106
Street and Lorraine Avenue
Michelle had had a troubled life only a
year before her abduction she had been
raped at school the given birth to a boy
was then placed in foster care the first
victim
Michelle light was older but her own
family says that she has a mental
disability that makes her confused about
her surroundings
perhaps her vulnerability was simply
that she was too trusting we know that
she was also in crisis having been
extremely upset about recently losing
custody of her child there was some
media reports about her disappearance
her mom I believe said that she was
missing I think a lot of the media and
the police and the community thought
maybe this girl 20 21 just left town
eight months later in April 2003 Amanda
berry disappeared just a day before her
17th birthday she just got out of Burger
King and he saw her walking and
approached her in his car and said hey
you know you need a ride you know my son
works at Burger King where you work at
and that put her guard now and made her
feel comfortable she texted her family
don't worry I have a ride and yet she
never got home whereas
disappearance of Michelle Knight had
caused a little fast
circumstances around Amanda Berry's case
drew a lot more attention it is highly
unusual for a young teenager to not go
home knowing the next day's her birthday
there's a birthday party there's
birthday presents and for a young girl
to leave cash in her bedroom is just too
many things were out of the ordinary
that feeling of unease wants to grow in
2004 14 year old Gina the hizzouse
friend of Ariel Castro's daughter
vanished as she walked home from will
the right middle school it was
immediately linked to the story of
Amanda berry
nearly a year later almost the date that
we have 14 year old Gina DeJesus almost
in the exact same spot
imagine Castro's daughter is friends
with Gina and he utilized that
friendship to approach Gina when she was
walking and she felt very comfortable
because obviously here's the father of
one of her best friends the dad of her
friend apparently asks her for a ride
that's just chilling because she wants
to trusted him while the disappearance
of Michelle hadn't caused alarm for
locals the disappearance of Amanda and
then Gina only a year later sent
shockwaves through the community
it was a fear it was hard for us two
teenage girls last seen from almost the
same exact spot and that started to send
chills and shivers throughout the city
of Cleveland all the community was
afraid to let their daughters walk to
school we didn't know what was going on
where did they go how did they just
disappear they just vanished and yet
unknown to the girls friends and family
they hadn't simply vanished getting
inside Ariel Castro's car was to be the
start of a terrifying ordeal for each of
the three girls when somebody is
initially abducted they are totally and
utterly bewildered frightened appalled
they simply are trying to survive once
they are inside of his house and
realized that they are captives that
they cannot get out complete panic sets
in the kind of screaming running
pounding begging adrenaline rush I will
do anything to survive so if you could
put yourself in those young women's
positions when they are first abducted
and they are physically restrained in
the basement of a house the terror they
must be experiencing at that point seems
to me to have been extraordinarily high
it
the only person who witnessed this
terror was Ariel Castro and yet too many
of his friends and neighbors there was
never any sign that he was capable of
such actions I went to school with Ariel
Castro he was never a problem in school
I played in a band with my family
members and was always respectful and
nice I first met Ariel Castro back in
junior high school days where there was
in this band called los daos and I was
like really impressed with them so I
joined the band and it was a pretty good
band he was a great musician born in
Puerto Rico Castro had moved to Ohio as
a young child from an early age his love
of music became a key part of his
identity he was so famous every month
everybody knew him because he used to
play music for growth so I used to sit
down in the back I used to get my little
pop sit down my little sandwich and I
used to listen to it and I hear him
singing and him with the bass player I
was like well amazing Castro bought his
modest two-story home on Seymour Avenue
in 1992 working as a school bus driver
in Cleveland over the next 20 years
Millia and often popular face in the
community he blended in very well he
talked to the neighbors he played with
the kids he would start with the girls
in a way like wink at them oh the girls
you know suggested they have a crush on
your best drivers he was a beautiful man
Mario you had a flat tire he will stop
what he's doing and come and help you
the fact that he would eat ribs with the
neighbors that everyone knew who he was
and everyone described him as just the
guy next door very normal
is part of the the fascination with this
case the neighbors cannot believe that
they were bamboozled knowing him he
actors sold called cool calm casual you
can see it it's the banality of evil
people who do evil things Despicable
things look like you and me nothing
suspicious not being Malloy's non loving
but unknown to many of his friends
behind closed doors
Ariel Castro had a dark side Castro had
several run-ins with the law over
alleged domestic violence towards his
ex-partner
with whom he had three daughters the son
between 1981 and 1990 eventually after
numerous complaints Graham elder left
Castro and won custody of their children
very often conflict with the wife can be
a trigger for them going out and
actually going on the prowl for their
next victim is it this breakup of his
family that calls
Ariel Castro to snap was there something
deeper within his personality nobody
wakes up one morning and decides that
he's going to abduct three women this
kind of offender is a long time in the
making remember he's a sexually
motivated captor and so while control is
his primary motive the secondary motive
is absolutely sex and sexual
gratification
he's fantasized about this he's
rehearsed this he's practiced this
before he eventually does this the
Predators call it having sex on a shelf
having access to something like a can of
soup on a shelf that you can take off
anytime you want so that anytime you
have a sexual urge it's so simple just
go to the bedroom or go to the basement
and there is there's your sexual captive
to do to use to abuse to exploit any way
that your fantasies desire further
insight into Castro's minds can be found
from one of the key items police
recovered from his home on Seymour
Avenue someone with the FBI found a
letter a letter that investigators
believe was written 2004 and a written
by the prime suspect
Ariel Castro extracts revealed Castro's
attitude towards the women he abducted
they are here against their will because
they made a mistake of getting in a car
with a total stranger
Castro's trying to blame other people in
this case the girls for getting into a
car with a so-called total stranger he's
downplaying his total responsibility for
these acts and trying to say it was
their fault for trusting me in another
section of
Castro even threatened to commit suicide
revealing the turmoil he felt about the
conflicting sides of his personality he
talks about how public life he's normal
publicly but he's different privately so
you've got a dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde
here these two sides of his personality
were apparent in his dealings with the
families of Amanda berry and Gina
DeJesus after the girls went missing
incredibly Castro even played a role in
the vigils held in their memories it's
almost hard to believe when I say it
that he had the audacity to show up at
the vigils the candlelight vigils for
Gina what he knew where she was here's a
man that was right there holding a
candle playing in a band having a
fundraiser shaking their hands giving
them hugs wishing them well you know and
they weren't casual this is friends and
family and close associates he led the
prayer of the vigils he'd he was the
first one there to lead him hold
everybody hold hands it's just it was
weird who does that you had the girls
all this time and you're standing right
there with us like dr. Jekyll and mr.
Hyde a monster behind closed doors
but what happened in that house why
hadn't the women try to escape that
Castro managed to hide them away for so
long
[Music]
Amanda berry Gina DeJesus and Michelle
Knight had been allegedly kidnapped and
locked in a house for ten years my Ariel
Castro it's a story that the world as
people trying to warm her hand what
these women must have gone through I
think a lot of the public's fascination
with this case is that what has happened
to these young women what they are
telling us is something that is beyond
the pale of our imaginations it's
extremely rare that you have somebody
kept for more than ten years the mental
scars left after years of captivity and
abuse will be profound for ordinary
people it's hard to imagine what they
must have been through locked away by
their abuser these three women have been
cut off from what makes them human from
what makes their identity real they're
cut off from family from friends from
growing up in schools going to work
having their first boyfriend they've
been cut off from every normal
maturation process
why hadn't these women try to escape how
had Castro managed to condition them to
remain quiet and hidden away from the
rest of the neighborhood for so long in
the initial stages of a kidnapping the
first thing that happens is you
literally put the fear of God in them if
you even deviate I will kill you if you
will listen to me things will go well
for you now the mind goes into survival
the only way I will survive this is to
contain my panic and try to figure out
how to get out of here I need to be nice
to him I need to give him what he wants
if I cooperate and if I do what he wants
and I become somewhat of a relationship
to him not just sexually but personally
a lot of people call it the Stockholm
Syndrome and other names the victim
starts to develop some sort of
relationship with the kidnapper they
have to do this because otherwise they
will live in a perpetual state of panic
the girls develop a coping mechanism
called dissociation they learn to be in
a situation for example when they're
being sexually assaulted or raped and
they learn to kind of pretend that their
spectator
watching the situation that they're an
observer and they're not actually
involved in what's going on and that's a
coping skill it's reported that when
Castro thought he had controlled of the
women he moved them out of the basement
and into different parts of the house he
no longer has to physically control them
and intimidate them because he's already
socialized them into accepting his
absolute and total control over them
psychologically he moved him up into
separate rooms with little slots in the
room so he could put in food and put in
water he also punished these girls and
the way he punished them was they
disobey that they acted out he wouldn't
feed them so you don't get any food
amazingly Castro felt he had such
control over the women he had guests at
the home one of these was Ricky Sanchez
who was Ana bandwith Castro and went
house every week to play music I used to
go there and I used to cook there you
know being Latino person being from
Puerto Rico we like rice and beans I
used to cook rice and music I used to go
there and I used to cook there you know
being a Latino person being from Puerto
Rico
he'd lock him upstairs he'd have music
playing and he threatened them you make
a sound when I have people here I will
kill you when they leave I mean these
women were intimidated and controlled
mind body and soul however once when
Ricky went there for band practice he
did hear some strange noises that Castro
had already made excuse and I noticed
this some like a boom boom in a world
right in a world when he came back I
asked him I really
what is this noises are and then I
started laughing you know cuz I took it
as a joke I had no idea what was going
on so what I have some dogs in in the
second level you know and upstairs but
again he came he took the radio he
cranked it all away up every
conversation you have he was it was hard
for you to hear him unless you be
screaming talking down because the music
it was always loud
he was the best actor I've ever met or
seen in my life
Castro's next-door neighbor storm
noticed that his behavior was strange
over the years in late April last year
it was the weather was sort of warm me
and my family had a cookout so I just
made myself a little fire pit you know
no bother no nothing I'm just sitting
there
my dog comes out behind me he looks up
and he starts growling then I look up
it's Ariel I he looked down at me and I
said can I help you
he goes you can't hear that fire there
like that the creepiness I don't know
how long he was up there watching me I
don't know you confronting your neighbor
behind you by you know watching them
from a roof at night on your garage I
don't think you know I'm gonna be
friends with you
but lesser that was reportedly found at
Ariel Castro's house can give further
insight into his mind in that letter he
says things like I'm a sexual predator
he says I'm sick I've got something
going on in my head and I don't know I
need help
he's got an insight that he's a sexual
predator but he still goes on to
sexually predate and also what that
phrase does is it takes responsibility
away from him I need help
so he's actually saying if you don't
give me the help then of course I'm
going to behave as I'm behaving he also
said that if he died he was gonna leave
us money his property everything he
owned to those three ladies as if he can
simply wipe away the ten years of
physical sexual and psychological
torture by giving them a few thousand
dollars I mean it is absurd
year after year it seems the women's
relationships grew and it appears their
shared experience in this nightmare
strengthened the Fond between them these
girls Jean Amanda and Michelle were
really a family over those years they
came together very very close because my
sources tell me when he punished
Michelle
Gina Amanda with sneaker food to keep
her alive when Amanda was punished
Michelle and Gina would sneak her food
we do know they watch TV because Amanda
would talk about how she saw the
newscast talking about her disappearance
Michelle is a totally different story
she didn't get a lot of press coverage
and I understand that in the house that
bothered her it always here Amanda
Berry's missing Gina DeJesus is missing
but you wouldn't hear that Michelle
Knight was missing and that was an
emotional struggle for her inside that
house I think Michelle became the
unwanted one I think he developed a very
negative attitude towards her and I
think she became an abuse object and I
think Amanda became you know more of a
pleasurable relationship for him the
different attitude area reportedly had
towards Amanda and Michelle is
demonstrated by the fact that he
impregnated both women whilst in
captivity but allowed Amanda to keep the
baby whereas he forced Michelle to
miscarry when Amanda Berry gave birth to
her daughter that he actually insisted
that Michelle Knight not just deliver
the baby but give it mouth-to-mouth
resuscitation to make sure that it
survived and yet it completely flies in
the face to the opposite side the
different dark face of Ariel Castro
based on Michelle Knight's allegations
that he impregnated her at least five
times and then starved her for up to two
weeks
and beat her in the stomach and abdomen
to force her to miscarry those
pregnancies in 2006 Amanda gave birth in
the house to a baby girl with Michelle
apparently being forced to deliver her
in a small paddling pool with no medical
assistance most births are quite messy
quite bloody quite dramatic and imagine
if you had nothing no towels no sheets
nothing to help you three lives were at
stake when Amanda gave birth to that
baby apparently one of the girls
delivered the baby without any medical
experience or training and also
basically with but with a figurative
shot gun to her head she was told if
this baby doesn't come out alive and you
don't deliver this baby a healthy baby
then you will get killed she was born
there in that house she was born in a
little plastic swimming pool so this is
the only life she knew she didn't know
any other life Amanda's daughter Jocelyn
grew up in the house with her mother
imprisoned along with the two other
women
the Kuster gave Jocelyn more freedom and
his next-door neighbors storms saw her
playing in the garden I just seen a
little girl fun with Daddy on she's what
five years old at the time I believe and
there's several incidents that he did
try to go over you know be real Stern
with her like a fatherly way but not
abusive not abusive
he loved her you could tell he loved her
as the years went on its reported Castro
taunted the girls by letting them watch
TV reports of the search for them
Castro seems to have allowed the three
women to follow news reports about the
fact but they were missing and that
their families were looking for them but
here's the irony because I think what
that did was a lot of these women and
crucially Amanda berry to realize that
she hadn't been forgotten that there
were still people looking for her Amanda
never gave up hope and on May the 6th
she finally saw her chance to escape on
this particular day she had had enough
and she was overwhelmed with a sense
that if it's not today it will never
happen but another factor became
stronger in this case then his
intimidation and fear and that factor
was what he might do to her daughter as
the daughter got older and secondly the
mom instinct told her what kind of life
does my daughter have in the future here
if we stay and I believe that
combination is what caused this freedom
to happen the women have been prisoners
in the house for 11 years and their
ordeal was finally over they were free
but what will be the impact of this
traumatic experience upon them as they
try to adapt to life in the outside
world
and what will be the reaction when
Castro finally goes to court and
amazingly pleads not guilty three young
women had escaped from a suburban house
in Cleveland Ohio after being missing
for 11 years they had been beaten and
raped and one of them had even born a
child by her captor
but the Ohio slave girls horrific
experience is more common than we think
we remember Elizabeth smart and in
Austria Natasha can push and the Fritzl
daughter Elizabeth Fritzl and shortly
thereafter the mind-blowing case of
Jaycee Dugard recovered after 18 years
and so while we've been absorbing this
it was really unthinkable that there
could be others out there the three
young women imprisoned in Cleveland Ohio
were finally safe there's a sense of
relief that it was all over
you have a very jubilant city not only a
jubilant city but it spreads to the
state to all the states to the world
because this represents something very
important freedom if it seemed like a
Hollywood nightmare a town unaware of
the monster in its midst
the family is is can't imagine that
there was a wolf in sheep's clothing
that he was so close you could touch him
and yet you had no idea that you were
being deceived and betrayed by someone
that you thought was your friend I'm
very angry
he's a monster he had no right to do
everything he did to the community for
many many years but mostly to those
families and especially the girls for
the kidnappers victims the world in 2013
was a totally unfamiliar place it will
be almost like coming out of a coma
they've got to learn everything again
they've got to learn Who that I what
their identity actually is they've got
to learn to deal with people they've got
to learn to deal with space with noise
with light with freedom the women were
rushed to nearby Metro Health Medical
Center no one knew what their physical
state would be they were brought here to
our emergency department the women were
assessed from head to toe looking for
immediate emergency
Mergent problems however now that they
are released to the to home to their
families ongoing care is absolutely
necessary the number one variable and
their ability to be resilient and to
move forward and have as close to a
normal life as they could has everything
to do with a family support network
and close relationships beyond the
family could be forever overshadowed by
their confinement these women are going
to meet men are going to want to
establish relationships how do you begin
to set up a normal relationship when the
relationship that you've had for 10
years has been pathological about
satisfying the needs of Sunda like
Castro
[Music]
[Applause]
the first thing I remember when I when I
knew Amanda Berry was coming home it was
like a scene out of a movie but it was
real
and there's that van that you just know
Amanda Berry is in with her child and
then you just see some of her cousins
and a lot of neighbors and well-wishers
just blowing her kisses blowing her
kisses and it's hard that fan Jocelyn
Amanda's daughter and then Amanda
herself entered the house one of the
main drivers for the Cleveland escape
had been to secure a better life for the
six-year-old Amanda just got this
incredible faith in her that I finally
can get out and she heard that from
Jocelyn and she took that chance and
saved everybody but I think who really
saved everybody was that little girl
Amanda has a six-year-old child to take
care of she has a much greater motive
and impetus to be a normal person she
has to for her daughter's sake but that
will be different of course than Gina's
experience at 23 or 24 she will be a
different person than will Michelle
Knight who's in her early 30s who
unfortunately doesn't have as strong an
extended family network who when she
last saw her mother they had a
tremendous fight and a lot of discord
over the custody battle over her child
the reintegration process in these cases
is about replacing the ties with the
captor with those of the family they
have to break the bonds that they've
psychologically had to establish with
the person who's done this because they
are at last free and that's the problem
that the abductee has once this these
kinds of dreadful incidents come to an
end
[Music]
Jean and the hey-zeus times
people was met any of the women since
their release is campaigner Matt zone he
was invited to Gina's house two days
after the race as we were in the kitchen
I was looking into the living room and
this young woman who I never saw before
got up and walked through the kitchen
and I pointed to the woman and I said to
the mom who is that and she goes oh
that's Gina and I just couldn't believe
it
she had this amazing beautiful smile her
mother said something in Spanish to her
aunt and she looked at her mom and she's
like mommy and she Nancy said to me
she's not speaking Spanish anymore I
want to thank everybody that believes
even when I said she was alive and
believed and I want to thank them even
the ones that doubted I still want to
thank them the most because they're the
ones that made me stronger the one that
mean he feels a monk that my daughter
was out there Nancy and Felix are like
the greatest they never ever ever gave
up hope on Gina ever they were right
there the whole time
I don't know how that strength that
those to whom to parents
I couldn't do it i honest to god i
wouldn't be able to do it if somebody
took one as his court appearance Castro
was charged with three counts of rape
and four charges of abduction
he's on an eight million dollar bail
bond as in solitary confinement faced
with the death penalty's I'm told that
he's in a small cell
he's secluded from everyone else he
doesn't have access to TV doesn't have
access to newspaper radio nothing at all
he's just in this small little 9 by 8
cell and he's depressed he's subdued
he's walking around the cell naked I
have no idea why he's doing that
and it's not over yes 6 days after his
arrest Castro turned a plea of not
guilty so a judge will have to decide
what really happened in to 207 Seymour
Avenue and the girls may have to relive
their ordeal in court he fooled me for
all this years after I thought he was a
good friend of mine
and after I say no you know why I have
Adaro she's 20 years old that could have
been happen to me well every abduction
of a woman by a man who wants to use her
as an object seems to me to be every
woman's worst nightmare but when you
multiply by three and you think that at
lasts for a decade it's extraordinary
and this is an extraordinary case that
we will be talking about it for years to
come there's no normal life isn't is
gone
let's go yes the cleveland story
inevitably suggests a further chilling
prospects we are very concerned about
how many missing children and we know
that there are tens of thousands of them
might be alive that we've given up for
dead
they're simply being held in captivity
not just with physical bonds but with
psychological imprisonment with the
belief over years of brainwashing that
no one cares about them and they will
never be found
we presumed that Gina DeJesus Michelle
Knight and Amanda berry had died in fact
they were simply locked up in a cellar
unable to escape how many other young
women are in similar positions that we
simply don't know about
all these years they were right under
our nose and nobody ever knew nobody
ever knew
stay with us for the first in a two-part
crossover event CSI Vegas meets New York
next